## `create-derived-configs-paired-mission.py`
This script generates config files to run photogrammetry on pairs of missions. Much of the logic is similar to the the `created-derived-config.py` script, except that images from two datasets are used. Additionally, an altitude offset (config value `paired_altitude_offset`) is provided. Since the altitude is determined barometrically, there can be substantial variations between missions. To correct for this, the altitude above ground is computed for each single mission using the single-mission photogrammetry results. The photogrammetry-optimized locations of the images are compared to the DTM, and each camera is assigned an altitude. Then, the mean altitude for images included in the pair is computed per dataset. The difference between these two altitudes is provided to automate-metashape, along which which images correspond to each dataset. Automate-metashape then corrects the altitudes of the images such that the mean difference between the altitudes of the two sets matches what is specified. This functionality is specific to automate-metashape and not provided in the stand-alone version of Agisoft Metashape.

To run this script, the composite image- and mission-level metadata must be downloaded and pointed to by `COMPOSITE_IMAGES_GPKG_PATH` and `MISSION_METADATA_GPKG_PATH`, respectively. The path to the base config and output directory must be provided as well.

The composite images metadata should already have been subset to the images included within the paired mission polygons. Note, the low oblique polygon may be larger than that of the high nadir one to account for images looking inward to the central area. The information about the subset is uploaded directly to S3 so it can be obtained at the same time that the raw imagery is downloaded.
The S3 upload is controlled by the following four environment variables: `S3_PROVIDER`, `S3_ENDPOINT`, `S3_ACCESS_KEY`, and `S3_SECRET_KEY`.

The newly-created derived configs are saved locally in the folder specified by `OUTPUT_DIR_CONFIGS`. This folder will also contain a `config-list.txt` file, which records the names of all generated configs.